COLLUSION BETWEEN MANAFORT AND KREMLIN OFFICIALS.
KREMLIN OFFICIALS. >> THANK YOU BOTH.
>> THANK YOU BOTH. JOINING ME NOW STRAW WELT.
JOINING ME NOW STRAW WELT. HE SITS ON BOTH HOUSE AND
HE SITS ON BOTH HOUSE AND JUDICIARY COMMITTEES.
JUDICIARY COMMITTEES. YOUR REACTION TO THE SENTENCE?
YOUR REACTION TO THE SENTENCE? >> GOOD EVENING, CHRIS.
>> GOOD EVENING, CHRIS. IT’S FAR TOO SHORT FOR A LIST OF
IT’S FAR TOO SHORT FOR A LIST OF CRIMES THAT THERE TOO LONG.
CRIMES THAT THERE TOO LONG. I THINK I SPENT MORE DAYS IN
I THINK I SPENT MORE DAYS IN DETENTION THAN HE THINKS
DETENTION THAN HE THINKS MANAFORT SHOULD SPEND IN JAIL.
MANAFORT SHOULD SPEND IN JAIL. >> HE’S GOING TO DO THREE YEARS.
>> HE’S GOING TO DO THREE YEARS. I WANT TO RESET FOR AUDIENCE.
I WANT TO RESET FOR AUDIENCE. HE’S 69.
HE’S 69. WE PUT PEOPLE IN JAIL IN 24IS
WE PUT PEOPLE IN JAIL IN 24IS COUNTRY EFOR EXTREMELY LONG
COUNTRY EFOR EXTREMELY LONG PERIODS OF TIME.
PERIODS OF TIME. >> AS A FORMER PROSECUTOR YOU’RE
>> AS A FORMER PROSECUTOR YOU’RE SEEING A WHITE COLLAR, WHITE
SEEING A WHITE COLLAR, WHITE HOUSE WASHING SENTENCE HERE.
HOUSE WASHING SENTENCE HERE. I
I YOU HAVE A PERSON OF PRIVILEGE
YOU HAVE A PERSON OF PRIVILEGE SPENDING LESS THAN WHAT PEOPLE
SPENDING LESS THAN WHAT PEOPLE OF COLOR SPEND FOR THINGS FAR
OF COLOR SPEND FOR THINGS FAR LESS DANGEROUS AND OFFENSIVE TO
LESS DANGEROUS AND OFFENSIVE TO OUR SOCIETY.
OUR SOCIETY. HOW CAN YOU NOT JUST BE
HOW CAN YOU NOT JUST BE EMBARRASSED FOR THE CRIMINAL
EMBARRASSED FOR THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM OR FEEL LIKE IT’S
JUSTICE SYSTEM OR FEEL LIKE IT’S A CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM WHERE
A CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM WHERE YOU CAN ESCAPE -- YOU GET
YOU CAN ESCAPE -- YOU GET LENIENCY AND IF YOU DON’T, YOU
LENIENCY AND IF YOU DON’T, YOU SPEND A LONG TIME IN JAIL.
SPEND A LONG TIME IN JAIL. NO COLLUSION, WAS A DELIBERATE
NO COLLUSION, WAS A DELIBERATE APPEAL FOR A PARDON.
APPEAL FOR A PARDON. ONE INJUSTICE MUST NOT FOLLOW
ONE INJUSTICE MUST NOT FOLLOW ANOTHER.
ANOTHER. DUD YOU SATHE SAME REACTION TO
DUD YOU SATHE SAME REACTION TO KEVIN DOWNING COMING OUT
KEVIN DOWNING COMING OUT COURTROOM AND SAYING THE MOST
COURTROOM AND SAYING THE MOST IMPORTANT TAKE AWAY IS NO
IMPORTANT TAKE AWAY IS NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION.
RUSSIAN COLLUSION. >> I LISTENED TO THE MICHAEL
>> I LISTENED TO THE MICHAEL COHEN FOR 16 HOURS IN THE
COHEN FOR 16 HOURS IN THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HEARING
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HEARING THAT WASN’T PUBLIC AND WE
THAT WASN’T PUBLIC AND WE LEARNED A LOT ABOUT THE TRUMP
LEARNED A LOT ABOUT THE TRUMP CODE, THAT PEOPLE LIKE PAUL
CODE, THAT PEOPLE LIKE PAUL MANAFORT AND OTHERS KNOW THE
MANAFORT AND OTHERS KNOW THE CODE DONALD TRUMP SPEAKS TO THEM
CODE DONALD TRUMP SPEAKS TO THEM AND THE CODE THEY’RE SUPPOSED TO
AND THE CODE THEY’RE SUPPOSED TO SPEAK TO DONALD TRUMP AND WHEN
SPEAK TO DONALD TRUMP AND WHEN THE LAWYER IS SAYING WORDS THAT
THE LAWYER IS SAYING WORDS THAT MIMIC OR PAIRT WHAT DONALD TRUMP
MIMIC OR PAIRT WHAT DONALD TRUMP IS SAYING IT’S AS THOUGH THE FIX
IS SAYING IT’S AS THOUGH THE FIX IS IN.
IS IN. AND HE KNOWS IF HE JUST KEEPS
AND HE KNOWS IF HE JUST KEEPS QUIET, A PARDON IS COMING HIS
QUIET, A PARDON IS COMING HIS WAY.
WAY. >> YOU’VE NOW LISTENED TO
>> YOU’VE NOW LISTENED TO MICHAEL COHEN FOR A LONG TIME.
MICHAEL COHEN FOR A LONG TIME. AND I WANT TO TALK ABOUT THE
AND I WANT TO TALK ABOUT THE PARDON QUESTION.
PARDON QUESTION. THE PUBLIC TESTIMONY YOU WATCH
THE PUBLIC TESTIMONY YOU WATCH WOULD THE REST OF US, PRIVATE
WOULD THE REST OF US, PRIVATE TESTIMONY YOU CAN’T SPEAK ABOUT,
TESTIMONY YOU CAN’T SPEAK ABOUT, WHAT DOUNDERSTAND THAT YOU
WHAT DOUNDERSTAND THAT YOU DIDN’T BEFORE?
DIDN’T BEFORE? >> I SAW A PERSON WHO RAN A
>> I SAW A PERSON WHO RAN A BUSINESS, WHO RAN HIS PERSONAL
BUSINESS, WHO RAN HIS PERSONAL LIFE A CAMPAIGN, A TRANSITION
LIFE A CAMPAIGN, A TRANSITION AND AN ADMINISTRATION AND A VERY
AND AN ADMINISTRATION AND A VERY CORRUPT WAY.
CORRUPT WAY. I WAS HOPING TO HEAR -- BECAUSE
I WAS HOPING TO HEAR -- BECAUSE HE IS THE PRESIDENT OF THE
HE IS THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES, THAT YOU WOULD
UNITED STATES, THAT YOU WOULD HEAR REDEEMING QUALITIES ABOUT
HEAR REDEEMING QUALITIES ABOUT HIM.
HIM. THAT HE WANTED TO MAKE LIVES
THAT HE WANTED TO MAKE LIVES BETTER, AN HONEST PERSON.
BETTER, AN HONEST PERSON. AND AFTER HEARING FROM MICHAEL
AND AFTER HEARING FROM MICHAEL COHEN IN PRIVATE OVER 24 HOURS
COHEN IN PRIVATE OVER 24 HOURS OVER THE LAST TWO YEARS, I SAW
OVER THE LAST TWO YEARS, I SAW SOMEONE WHO GAMES THE SYSTEM,
SOMEONE WHO GAMES THE SYSTEM, WHO THINKS ALL OF THIS IS ABOUT
WHO THINKS ALL OF THIS IS ABOUT MASS PUBLICITY FOR HIMSELF.
MASS PUBLICITY FOR HIMSELF. AND IT’S DISHEARTENING TO THINK
AND IT’S DISHEARTENING TO THINK THAT HE LEADS OUR COUNTRY.
THAT HE LEADS OUR COUNTRY. I DON’T FEEL AS POWERLESS AS I
I DON’T FEEL AS POWERLESS AS I DID TWO YEARS AGO BECAUSE NOW WE
DID TWO YEARS AGO BECAUSE NOW WE CAN ACTUALLY DO SOMETHING ABOUT
CAN ACTUALLY DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
IT. >> YOU HAD A TWEET.
>> YOU HAD A TWEET. YOU SAID I CHALLENGE THE
YOU SAID I CHALLENGE THE PRESIDENT IF YOU’RE INNOCENT AND
PRESIDENT IF YOU’RE INNOCENT AND DIDN’T OFFER ANY PARDONS,
DIDN’T OFFER ANY PARDONS, DECLARE THAT NO PERSON IN THE
DECLARE THAT NO PERSON IN THE RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION WILL BE
RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION WILL BE PARDONED.
PARDONED. DO YOU HAVE THE SAME
DO YOU HAVE THE SAME INTERPRETATION THAT DEL CHGER
INTERPRETATION THAT DEL CHGER HAD THAT NOT CLOSING THE BOOK,
HAD THAT NOT CLOSING THE BOOK, TALKING ABOUT HOW PAUL
TALKING ABOUT HOW PAUL MANAFORT’S BEING RAILROADED
MANAFORT’S BEING RAILROADED AMOUNTS TO HIM ESSENTIALLY
AMOUNTS TO HIM ESSENTIALLY DANGLING?
DANGLING? >> I ABSOLUTELY BELIEVE THAT.
>> I ABSOLUTELY BELIEVE THAT. DONALD TRUMP IS NOT GOING TO
DONALD TRUMP IS NOT GOING TO PARDON PAUL MANAFORT.
PARDON PAUL MANAFORT. HE IS GOING TO DANGLE THE PARDON
HE IS GOING TO DANGLE THE PARDON TO MAKE SURE HE STAYS QUIET BUT
TO MAKE SURE HE STAYS QUIET BUT HE’S ALWAYS GOING TO DO WHAT’S
HE’S ALWAYS GOING TO DO WHAT’S IN HIS BEST INTEREST.
IN HIS BEST INTEREST. AND MICHAEL COHEN FIGURED THAT
AND MICHAEL COHEN FIGURED THAT OUT AND THAT’S WHY HE HAS COME
OUT AND THAT’S WHY HE HAS COME FORWARD.
FORWARD. WHETHER HE PARDONS HIM OR NOT,
WHETHER HE PARDONS HIM OR NOT, IF HE’S TRYING TO KEEP HIM
IF HE’S TRYING TO KEEP HIM QUIET, THAT IS STILL OBSTRUCTION
QUIET, THAT IS STILL OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTS.
OF JUSTS. >> HE SAID UNDER OATH BEFORE THE
>> HE SAID UNDER OATH BEFORE THE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE THAT AT NO
OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE THAT AT NO POINT DID HE EASK FOR A PARDON
POINT DID HE EASK FOR A PARDON AND HIS LAWYER SAYS WELL WITH,
AND HIS LAWYER SAYS WELL WITH, HE DID SEND HIS ATTORNEYS TO
HE DID SEND HIS ATTORNEYS TO INQUIRE ABOUT A PARDON SHORTLY
INQUIRE ABOUT A PARDON SHORTLY AFTER THE RAID.
AFTER THE RAID. PEOPLE ARE SAYING LOOK, WE KNEW
PEOPLE ARE SAYING LOOK, WE KNEW HE HAD CREDIBILITY PROBLEMS.
HE HAD CREDIBILITY PROBLEMS. THIS CALLS INTO QUESTION HIS
THIS CALLS INTO QUESTION HIS TESTIMONY?
TESTIMONY? >> I KNOW THE ABSER AND WHEN OUR
>> I KNOW THE ABSER AND WHEN OUR TRANSCRIPT COMES OUT, IT WILL
TRANSCRIPT COMES OUT, IT WILL ANSWER THIS.
ANSWER THIS. THIS IS CLEARED UP VERY CLEARLY
THIS IS CLEARED UP VERY CLEARLY FROM HIS TESTIMONY AS TO WHAT HE
FROM HIS TESTIMONY AS TO WHAT HE MERNT BY THAT IN A WAY THAT I
MERNT BY THAT IN A WAY THAT I THINK MOST AMERICANS WILL
THINK MOST AMERICANS WILL UNDERSTAND.
UNDERSTAND. REMEMBER, HE LIED ON BEHALF OF
REMEMBER, HE LIED ON BEHALF OF THE PRESIDENT.
THE PRESIDENT. HE CAME CONGRESS WITHOUT ANY
HE CAME CONGRESS WITHOUT ANY COOPERATION AGREEMENT FROM THE
COOPERATION AGREEMENT FROM THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. I DON’T THINK HE’S GOING TO LIE
I DON’T THINK HE’S GOING TO LIE TO US.
TO US. I THINK HE IS SOMEONE WHO’S
I THINK HE IS SOMEONE WHO’S COMPELLED TO TELL THE TRUTH, ONE